>> Jen Kramer: So now,
we're going to move on to chapter six,
which is the inside page layout for
this website.
And in your chapter six folder,
you will find some images that are going
to describe how this pages should look.
So at extra large and large dimensions,
we want it to look like this.
In other words, we have a floated book,
we have a bunch of stuff going on.
By the way,
everybody take a cool little look there.
Look at how the text wraps around
the image around that circle.
Isn't that amazing?
You should be amazed.
That is a new cool thing
called CSS shapes.
And when we talk about the answers, I'd be
happy to show you a little bit about that,
cuz that's pretty slick.
So this is the way it's gonna work here
at extra-large and large dimensions.
Here we are at medium dimensions.
And you can see that we have things
have gotten a bit skinnier here, okay?
Columns going on down.
And then finally, here's what it should
look like at small dimensions, okay?
Look at book dot html,
that is your starting file for this.
You'll see that I've added to this
a page called inside dot css.
If you take a look at inside dot css,
this is just some of the styling
that has to do with that book page.
There's nothing here in terms of layout,
so
you don't really need to
spend any time with this.
The file that I would spend time
with is the layout dot css.
What you're gonna need to do is figure
out how to make that inside page.
Go on ahead and
work through those layouts.